Add docs for mediaStreamTrackProcessor discardedFrames & totalFrames (#44770)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/mediastreamtrackprocessor/index.md

## Instance properties

- {{domxref("MediaStreamTrackProcessor.discardedframes")}}

>   - : A number indicating the number of frames dropped by the processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A number indicating how many frames have been dropped by the processor.
```

Again, editing to remove repetition.

- {{domxref("MediaStreamTrackProcessor.readable")}}
  - : Returns a {{domxref("ReadableStream")}}.
- {{domxref("MediaStreamTrackProcessor.totalframes")}}

>   - : A number indicating the total number of frames recieved by the processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A number indicating how many frames have been received by the processor in total.
```

Reviewer: Fixing a typo, plus rephrasing it to get rid of the repetition of "... number ... number ..."
